# Test 
Just two good ol' boys Never meanin' no harm. Beats all you've ever saw been in trouble with the law since the day they was born. Fish don't fry in the kitchen and beans don't burn on the grill. Took a whole lotta tryin' just to get up that hill? He's gainin' on you so you better look alive. He busy revin' up his Powerful Mach 5. The Brady Bunch the Brady Bunch that's the way we all became the Brady Bunch. We're gonna do it. On your mark get set and go now. Got a dream and we just know now we're gonna make our dream come true. So join us here each week my friends you're sure to get a smile from seven stranded castaways here on Gilligans Isle? Said Californ'y is the place you ought to be So they loaded up the truck and moved to Beverly. Hills that is. Swimmin' pools movie stars.

The first mate and his Skipper too will do their very best to make the others comfortable in their tropic island nest. Thank you for being a friend. Travelled down the road and back again. Your heart is true you're a pal and a confidant. As long as we live its you and me baby. There ain't nothin' wrong with that?

Boy the way Glen Miller played. Songs that made the hit parade. Guys like us we had it made. Those were the days. No phone no lights no motor car not a single luxury. Like Robinson Crusoe it's primitive as can be. It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine? Could you be mine? Its a neighborly day in this beautywood a neighborly day for a beauty. Would you be mine? Could you be mine. But they got diff'rent strokes. It takes diff'rent strokes - it takes diff'rent strokes to move the world. Space. The final frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise.

black gold Fish don't fry in the kitchen and beans don't burn on the grill. Took a whole lotta tryin' just to get up that hill. These days are all Happy and Free. These days are all share them with me oh baby.

Its mission - to explore strange new worlds to seek out new life and new civilizations to boldly go where no man has gone before. And when the odds are against him and their dangers work to do. You bet your life Speed Racer he will see it through. Why do we always come here? I guess well never know. Its like a kind of torture to have to watch the show. In a freak mishap Ranger 3 and its pilot Captain William Buck Rogers are blown out of their trajectory into an orbit which freezes his life support systems and returns Buck Rogers to Earth five-hundred years later. Why do we always come here? I guess well never know. Its like a kind of torture to have to watch the show. And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder flying there-under under the sea. And we know Flipper lives in a world full of wonder flying there-under under the sea. So get a witch's shawl on a broomstick you can crawl on. Were gonna pay a call on the Addams Family.

